Improving docs - FAQ - files download [skip ci] (#1861)
pyodide/pyodide: docs/usage/faq.md

In any case, files need to be served with a web server and cannot be loaded from
local file system.

## How can I download external files from within Pyodide?

> Import `js` library to download a file, and convert it to python format before saving it. You can explore the virtual file system with `import os; os.listdir()`.

Author: haven't used pathlib much yet, last time i checked it, i found it less intuitive and more verbose. 
Can i rephrase directly from github, from this conversation?

> Import `js` library to download a file, and convert it to python format before saving it. You can explore the virtual file system with `import os; os.listdir()`.

Reviewer: > less intuitive and more verbose

Maybe it's a matter of preference. Maybe we can say "using any Python API file apis (e.g., `open`, `os.listfiles`, `pathlib`)" or something like this.

Sorry about the delays, I don't really have much time to review stuff right now.

> Import `js` library to download a file, and convert it to python format before saving it. You can explore the virtual file system with `import os; os.listdir()`.

Author: oh don't worry, you answer very fast already.
I rechecked the pathlib library, actually it's convenient. Let me change that.

```python
from js import fetch

async def js_fetch(url, path):
    response = await fetch(url)
    js_buffer = await response.arrayBuffer()
    py_buffer = js_buffer.to_py()  # this is a memoryview
    stream = py_buffer.tobytes()   # now we have a bytes object

    with open(path, "wb") as fh:
        fh.write(stream)
```

## Why can't I load files from the local file system?

For security reasons Javascript in the browser is not allowed to load local data files
(`file:///path/to/local/file.data`).
You will run into Network Errors, due to the [Same Origin Policy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Same-origin_policy).

For development purposes, you can serve your files in a [web-server](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/set_up_a_local_testing_server).

> If you have python3 installed, run `python3 -m http.server` from your development directory and access the local web-server: http://localhost:8000/.

Author: When i run my jupyter notebook, yes the default port is 8080, but in this case 8000 seems to be the default value. I followed [this tutorial](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/set_up_a_local_testing_server#running_a_simple_local_http_server), point 5 on ports numbers.

> If you have python3 installed, run `python3 -m http.server` from your development directory and access the local web-server: http://localhost:8000/.

Reviewer: I just tested this on four machines I have ssh access to. Two had 8000, two had 8080...

> If you have python3 installed, run `python3 -m http.server` from your development directory and access the local web-server: http://localhost:8000/.

Author: We can't cover all cases, let's choose a single number. Or let me add the port number, maybe that's easier.

In any case, files need to be served with a web server and cannot be loaded from
local file system.

> ## How can I download external files from within Pyodide?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How can I download files from within Pyodide?
```

To download a file from the internet to the [emscripten virtual file system](https://emscripten.org/docs/api_reference/Filesystem-API.html), we currently recommend using `from js import fetch`. A complete file downloader and converter is described below:
```python
from js import fetch

async def js_fetch(url, path):
    response = await fetch(url)
    js_buffer = await response.arrayBuffer()
    py_buffer = js_buffer.to_py()  # this is a memoryview
    stream = py_buffer.tobytes()   # now we have a bytes object

    with open(path, "wb") as fh:

>         fh.write(stream)

Reviewer: Perhaps we should wait to merge this until #1865 is merged, because then the code can be made simpler (and we can copy the data one fewer time)?

Author: sure that makes sense

```

> You can explore the virtual file system and check your downlowds with `from pathlib import Path; Path.cwd().iterdir()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can explore the virtual file system with `from pathlib import Path; Path.cwd().iterdir()`. The [pathlib](https://docs.python.org/3/library/pathlib.html) module works the same as in the native Python runtime.
```
